im.pek.assistant
im.pek.assistant is an AI-powered chatbot web app built with React (frontend), Flask (backend), and Google Gemini for natural language responses. Conversations are saved to Firebase, enabling seamless human support reachout to clients through persistent chat history, which enhances customer service satisfaction. The app is designed for rapid prototyping, clean UI, and easy extension to voice features (which is currently being implemented).

Story behind me creating this AI agent : 
So basically, I am a night owl, I usually do all my work mostly at night, which includes exploeing websites for career opporunities, or getting services and products. I was exploring the impekable's website the other day and realized that they didn't have a chatbot for clients, incase they have questions and can't reach human support outside of office hours. My intention behind creating it was basically having the AI be the front line support for clients if they have questions. I have used gemini 1.5 flash for rapid responses However since, the responses would be very general instead of product specific, there's a high chance the customers questions might left unanswered. I have created a feature where it shows a button underneath, saying, "Submit the chat for human support". Once the customer clicks it in case they still have questions about certain products, the whole conversation will get stored on Firebase Database, where an employee from the internal team can review those asap during office hours and reach out to the clients with product or service specific answers, which I believe enhances customer satisfaction.
